1337606352
Agent	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/models/agent.rb	class Agent 
AgentTest	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/test/unit/agent_test.rb	class AgentTest 
AgentsController	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/agents_controller.rb	class AgentsController 
AgentsControllerTest	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/test/functional/agents_controller_test.rb	class AgentsControllerTest 
AgentsHelper	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/helpers/agents_helper.rb	module AgentsHelper
AgentsHelperTest	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/test/unit/helpers/agents_helper_test.rb	class AgentsHelperTest 
Application	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
Artist	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/models/artist.rb	class Artist 
ArtistTest	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/test/unit/artist_test.rb	class ArtistTest 
ArtistsController	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/artists_controller.rb	class ArtistsController 
ArtistsControllerTest	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/test/functional/artists_controller_test.rb	class ArtistsControllerTest 
ArtistsHelper	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/helpers/artists_helper.rb	module ArtistsHelper
ArtistsHelperTest	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/test/unit/helpers/artists_helper_test.rb	class ArtistsHelperTest 
BrowsingTest	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CreateAgents	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/db/migrate/20120420174622_create_agents.rb	class CreateAgents 
CreateArtists	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/db/migrate/20120420165534_create_artists.rb	class CreateArtists 
CreateInvestments	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/db/migrate/20120422011406_create_investments.rb	class CreateInvestments 
CreateJobs	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/db/migrate/20120430032209_create_jobs.rb	class CreateJobs 
CreateNotifications	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/db/migrate/20120521125104_create_notifications.rb	class CreateNotifications 
CreateVideos	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/db/migrate/20120417210228_create_videos.rb	class CreateVideos 
DeviseCreateUsers	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/db/migrate/20120420165103_devise_create_users.rb	class DeviseCreateUsers 
Famocracy	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/config/application.rb	module Famocracy
HomeController	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	class HomeController 
Investment	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/models/investment.rb	class Investment 
InvestmentTest	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/test/unit/investment_test.rb	class InvestmentTest 
InvestmentsController	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/investments_controller.rb	class InvestmentsController 
InvestmentsControllerTest	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/test/functional/investments_controller_test.rb	class InvestmentsControllerTest 
InvestmentsHelper	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/helpers/investments_helper.rb	module InvestmentsHelper
InvestmentsHelperTest	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/test/unit/helpers/investments_helper_test.rb	class InvestmentsHelperTest 
Job	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/models/job.rb	class Job 
JobTest	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/test/unit/job_test.rb	class JobTest 
JobsController	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/jobs_controller.rb	class JobsController 
JobsControllerTest	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/test/functional/jobs_controller_test.rb	class JobsControllerTest 
JobsHelper	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/helpers/jobs_helper.rb	module JobsHelper
JobsHelperTest	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/test/unit/helpers/jobs_helper_test.rb	class JobsHelperTest 
Notification	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/models/notification.rb	class Notification 
NotificationTest	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/test/unit/notification_test.rb	class NotificationTest 
NotificationsController	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/notifications_controller.rb	class NotificationsController 
NotificationsControllerTest	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/test/functional/notifications_controller_test.rb	class NotificationsControllerTest 
NotificationsHelper	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/helpers/notifications_helper.rb	module NotificationsHelper
NotificationsHelperTest	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/test/unit/helpers/notifications_helper_test.rb	class NotificationsHelperTest 
RegistrationsController	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/my_devise/registrations_controller.rb	class MyDevise::RegistrationsController 
TestCase	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
User	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserTest	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/test/unit/user_test.rb	class UserTest 
Video	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/models/video.rb	class Video 
VideoTest	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/test/unit/video_test.rb	class VideoTest 
VideosController	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/videos_controller.rb	class VideosController 
VideosControllerTest	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/test/functional/videos_controller_test.rb	class VideosControllerTest 
VideosHelper	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/helpers/videos_helper.rb	module VideosHelper
VideosHelperTest	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/test/unit/helpers/videos_helper_test.rb	class VideosHelperTest 
accept	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/jobs_controller.rb	  def accept
agent?	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/models/user.rb	  def agent?
artist?	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/models/user.rb	  def artist?
change	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/db/migrate/20120430032209_create_jobs.rb	  def change
change	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/db/migrate/20120422011406_create_investments.rb	  def change
change	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/db/migrate/20120420174622_create_agents.rb	  def change
change	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/db/migrate/20120420165534_create_artists.rb	  def change
change	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/db/migrate/20120420165103_devise_create_users.rb	  def change
change	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/db/migrate/20120417210228_create_videos.rb	  def change
change	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/db/migrate/20120521125104_create_notifications.rb	  def change
completed	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/jobs_controller.rb	  def completed
create	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/videos_controller.rb	  def create
create	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/my_devise/registrations_controller.rb	  def create
create	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/investments_controller.rb	  def create
create	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/artists_controller.rb	  def create
create	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/agents_controller.rb	  def create
create	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/notifications_controller.rb	  def create
create	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/jobs_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/videos_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/investments_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/artists_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/agents_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/notifications_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/jobs_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/videos_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/investments_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/artists_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/agents_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/notifications_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/jobs_controller.rb	  def edit
incompleted	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/jobs_controller.rb	  def incompleted
index	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/videos_controller.rb	  def index
index	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/investments_controller.rb	  def index
index	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	  def index
index	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/artists_controller.rb	  def index
index	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/agents_controller.rb	  def index
index	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/notifications_controller.rb	  def index
index	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/jobs_controller.rb	  def index
new	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/videos_controller.rb	  def new
new	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/investments_controller.rb	  def new
new	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/artists_controller.rb	  def new
new	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/agents_controller.rb	  def new
new	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/notifications_controller.rb	  def new
new	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/jobs_controller.rb	  def new
show	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/videos_controller.rb	  def show
show	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/investments_controller.rb	  def show
show	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/artists_controller.rb	  def show
show	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/agents_controller.rb	  def show
show	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/notifications_controller.rb	  def show
show	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/jobs_controller.rb	  def show
specific	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/models/user.rb	  def specific
test_homepage	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
update	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/videos_controller.rb	  def update
update	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/investments_controller.rb	  def update
update	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/artists_controller.rb	  def update
update	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/agents_controller.rb	  def update
update	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/notifications_controller.rb	  def update
update	/Users/Max/Documents/Famocracy/famo/app/controllers/jobs_controller.rb	  def update
